YouTube Video: How much does the domain name matter?
Good promotional video

dash.tech vs myowndashboard.com

YouTube Video: 
I combined all the online tools on a single platform



Welcome Page

Title Card:


Welcome to Dash.

Dash is a digital toolbox catered to you. Dash has no ads and protects your privacy.
Get started with the tool on the right or press the plus button to try more tools.

Tools can be moved around, resized, and closed as needed. 


Sign in to save your dash board for next time. 



Sign in page. 

Creating an account allows you to access your dash anywhere at anytime.

Dash does not require any personal information. While dash will not contain any 
sensitive data, it is still recommended to use a secure unique password. 

How your login is protected.



SEO Manipulation: 
Main dash.tech(domain tbd) website
Many other websites with a single tool loaded on. For example Someone googles
file merger
dash.tech/file-merger shows a page with welcome card and file-merger tool already on the dash.
citation generator
dash.tech/citation-generator
ect.
basically psuedo pages for SEO. 

Additionally, some pages dedicated to providing guides for users about general
internet practices. Such as data protection, password management, ect. Guides 
that while not related to the main product help get people in the door. 



Subscription Page:
Still need help figuring out how to market this. 
Some ideas:
Freemium model that provides basic tools
with premium model allowing full tool access.
Potentially premium model that allows users to export tools as mac/windows widgets.
Potentially premium model that lets users build custom tools with AI
Still not sure.

But heres the text on screen.

Hello my name is Jakobi. I am the solo developer of dash. I appreciate you 
using my service. 

I hate subscriptions and part of me wishes I could offer one time purchases for users.
Unfortunately, the nature of this app and the modern internet makes this difficult.
Many of the dash tools require access to databases or apis which charge on a per use basis.
Similarly, hosting this platform is a recurring cost. 

By paying for a subcription, you are covering the cost of these services as well 
as helping me pay for school and my family.








Potential Tools
Relevant Article Finder
Stem Splitter
Sound Board Sounds
Emoji Copy Table
